charts: point out that the repo isn't set up yet (#1345)
kubernetes/kube-state-metrics: charts/kube-state-metrics/README.md

Installs the [kube-state-metrics agent](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics).

> ## Disclaimer

Reviewer: I would suggest Warning instead?

Author: Sure, changed it!

> ## Warning
> 
> **The integration is still work in progress. As of now, the mentioned repositories below are not fully set up yet.
> You can still use the deprecated [helm/stable](https://charts.helm.sh/stable/) repository and migrate at a later point to the new location.
> At this point in time, no significant changes to the chart were made in this repository.
> For more information, please see: https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics/pull/1325#issuecomment-749732052**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## ⚠️ Warning

**Chart Releasing workflow is currently broken due to an upstream issue with this repo and `kubernetes/test-infra`, which is actively being worked on.**
Until then, the mentioned repositories below are not fully set up yet.
You can still use the deprecated [helm/stable](https://charts.helm.sh/stable/) repository and migrate to the new location in the near future.
At this point in time, no significant changes to the chart were made in this repository.
For more information or to follow progress, see: https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics/pull/1325#issuecomment-749732052
```
